README.md, before:

# Advance-Programming---Pattern-Designs
-------------------------------------------------
* Design Patterns used - State and Stategy design pattern.
* Code created using IntelliJ - Language used Java.

What you need
-----------------
* Must have Javafx to visualise the game
* Software - IntelliJ or Netbeans
* Ensure software is up to date 

Path to game files
-----------------------------------------------------
Maze Solver - State Design
-----------------------
Maze Solver -> scr -> main -> java -> org -> game -> mazesolver -> MazeGameApplication.java

![image](https://github.com/Celiix/Advance-Programming---Pattern-Designs/assets/92170983/f4fbe786-a81e-474c-ae63-aba4aea6f77b)


Tictactoe - Strategy Design
----------------------------------------------------
TicTacToe -> TicTacToe -> src -> TicTacToe.java

![image](https://github.com/Celiix/Advance-Programming---Pattern-Designs/assets/92170983/fde139f4-798a-4429-8262-d7aa7374849f)

How to play!
------------------------------
Maze Solver - State Design
---------------------

TicTacToe - Strategy Design
-------------------------------------
This is a 2 player game. One player is noughts (O) and the other is cross (X). 
Both players will each have a turn to pick a square and place their noughts and cross. 
Either side must have 3 in a row to win the game. 
After the winner, the game will reset to a fresh start. 

1. Game opened

   ![1 Game Opened](https://github.com/Celiix/Advance-Programming---Pattern-Designs/assets/92170983/5c502092-d839-4929-ad2b-14ce78a0b4df)

2. Noughts (O) and Cross (X) players playing

![2 Game Playing ](https://github.com/Celiix/Advance-Programming---Pattern-Designs/assets/92170983/d3697427-e35a-4d16-a7f2-8d8923f57979)

3.  Cross (X) Wins the game!

![3 Game won](https://github.com/Celiix/Advance-Programming---Pattern-Designs/assets/92170983/e34119e0-4f4a-4273-b6c8-31ec4a8fdf6e)

4. Alternative result, game tied

![4 Game drawn](https://github.com/Celiix/Advance-Programming---Pattern-Designs/assets/92170983/f9b622e1-d085-40f7-989b-b5f000d5b1d1)

Commit message:

Update README.md - add maze rules
Added image for Maze game
Added Maze games 
Added gif to display visual representation

README.md, after:

# Advance-Programming---Pattern-Designs
-------------------------------------------------
* Design Patterns used - State and Stategy design pattern.
* Code created using IntelliJ - Language used Java.

What you need
-----------------
* Must have Javafx to visualise the game
* Software - IntelliJ or Netbeans
* Ensure software is up to date 

Path to game files
-----------------------------------------------------
Maze Solver - State Design
-----------------------
Maze Solver -> scr -> main -> java -> org -> game -> mazesolver -> MazeGameApplication.java

![image](https://github.com/Celiix/Advance-Programming---Pattern-Designs/assets/92170983/f4fbe786-a81e-474c-ae63-aba4aea6f77b)


Tictactoe - Strategy Design
----------------------------------------------------
TicTacToe -> TicTacToe -> src -> TicTacToe.java

![image](https://github.com/Celiix/Advance-Programming---Pattern-Designs/assets/92170983/fde139f4-798a-4429-8262-d7aa7374849f)

How to play!
------------------------------
Maze Solver - State Design
---------------------
This is a 1 player game, the player must go through the maze and find a path to reach the destination.
To do this use your arrow keys on your computer/ laptop to direct your character to the destination.
When successful, a message will pop up to congratulate you.
Then either your path or an alternative path will appear to display to you a the quickest path. 

1. Game opened

   ![1 Game Open](https://github.com/Celiix/Advance-Programming---Pattern-Designs/assets/92170983/ec4db616-776d-4ca3-9bc9-574da410c224)

2. Find the path way!
   
![gif maze solver](https://github.com/Celiix/Advance-Programming---Pattern-Designs/assets/92170983/002ef0fa-f5d8-408e-ae15-bf4fff7400cb)

3. Maze solved!

![2 Solve maze](https://github.com/Celiix/Advance-Programming---Pattern-Designs/assets/92170983/84f2b643-749c-45a2-880e-15ba24bddb59)

TicTacToe - Strategy Design
-------------------------------------
This is a 2 player game. One player is noughts (O) and the other is cross (X). 
Both players will each have a turn to pick a square and place their noughts and cross. 
Either side must have 3 in a row to win the game. 
After the winner, the game will reset to a fresh start. 

1. Game opened

   ![1 Game Opened](https://github.com/Celiix/Advance-Programming---Pattern-Designs/assets/92170983/5c502092-d839-4929-ad2b-14ce78a0b4df)

2. Noughts (O) and Cross (X) players playing

![2 Game Playing ](https://github.com/Celiix/Advance-Programming---Pattern-Designs/assets/92170983/d3697427-e35a-4d16-a7f2-8d8923f57979)

3.  Cross (X) Wins the game!

![3 Game won](https://github.com/Celiix/Advance-Programming---Pattern-Designs/assets/92170983/e34119e0-4f4a-4273-b6c8-31ec4a8fdf6e)

4. Alternative result, game tied

![4 Game drawn](https://github.com/Celiix/Advance-Programming---Pattern-Designs/assets/92170983/f9b622e1-d085-40f7-989b-b5f000d5b1d1)
